A new managing director has been appointed to the company. With his good record of restructuring success, the company is expected to improve in performance 10-20
It was reported that Worldwide Securities is negotiating to buy a controlling share in the  company. It is expected they will offer a premium above the market price 20-40
A major bank is negotiating to acquire all the voting shares in the Company. 10-30
It has been reported that 80% of HIV/AIDS patients on  OMRON drug have tested negative. It is expected that the company which developed the drug will earn well both in sales and in royalties. 10-20
New deposits of soda ash have been discovered at Naivasha and the company will put their second factory there. This will result in increased sales and growth 10-20
The company has won a 600 million shillings contract from Kenya Government. 20-40
There is labour unrest in the  company over work conditions and wages. Company performance will be affected temporarily 5-15
 A lot of flooding is expected during the coming long rains in Nyanza as predicted by the meteorological department.  Cotton harvest will be adversely affected 10-20
The shilling has been rising steadily against other major currencies. Exporters will earn less while those trading in imported goods will enjoy higher   margins 20-30
The government has instituted subsidies for cotton and soybeans. Production will increase and the companies dealing in cotton and soy beans   will benefit 20-30
The East African Common Market became effective last month. This will open up new markets for most companies 20-30
The credit   rating of the company has been reduced to BBB from AAB. The reduced ability to borrow will require an adjustment in their earning forecasts. 10-20
 Brazil coffee has suffered from frost and Kenya Coffee is expected to benefit 20-30
Accounting irregularities have been reported in the company. The companies performance will be adjusted downwards 20-40
After successful elections and promises of sound economic policies, the economy is expected to perform well in the coming years 20-30 to all
The price of oil is expected to rise in the coming months due to hostilities in the Middle East. The price of goods will generally rise leading to a general drop in the company earnings 10-20
The company is putting up a new plant in Tanzania. Forecasts show that company earnings will double. 20-30
The government started releasing STABEX funds to provide cheap funds to farmers. Performance in the agricultural sector will improve. 20-30
Kenya fish exports to the EU have been banned for unhygienic processing reasons. Fish processing companies will suffer 20-40
The government will provide cooling plants around Lake Victoria to improve quality standards. Waste will be minimized and there will be more exports to the EU. 10-20
The government has raised minimum wages to  what many consider unrealistic levels.  Some   unstable period is expected before companies adjunct to the new   rates. 10-20
Inflation has skyrocketed to 60%. The high prices have completely reduced consumer spending. Many companies have adjusted their earnings forecasts downwards 25-45
To reduce inflation the government is offering 60% interest on treasury bills. Many investors are moving their money from stocks to treasury bills. 30-40
There is an outbreak of locusts in Narok. Unless it is checked the insects could spread to most of the Rift Valley consuming much of cereal crops currently in the farms 2-5
Their factory was consumed by fire last month. It has been reported that it may be six months to   one year before they resume production. 30-50
The funding of free primary education by the government has opened a large market for companies supplying educational books, writing materials, school equipment and uniforms 20-30
The company suffered a 200 million shillings loss in its ventures in quanta production 10-20 
The government has instituted strict import restrictions to conserve foreign exchange. All businesses that depend wholly or partially on imports will be affected adversely 20-25
Hostilities are escalating in Europe, which is Kenya’s main trading partner. Exports to that region have been adversely affected. 10-20
The company has undergone major restructuring resulting in considerable cost savings. They have doubled their projected earnings. 40-60
With the constituency development fund, every constituency will experience an increase in agricultural production 5-10
Importation has generally been liberalized. Traders have imported large quantities of sugar affecting local production 5-10
Tourist receipts are expected to decrease due to increased insecurity in the country including attacks on tourists  5-15
Rains have failed this year in many parts of the country. Meteorologists predict that this will be followed by a long dry spell. Draught and famine are expected in many parts of the country next year 10-20 to all. 
Ethnic animosities have erupted in Ngwacha province. It is expected that grain production will be affected leading to famine in some areas 5-10
The credit rating of the company has improved from BBB to AAB 20-30
The Companies Goma brand has  won the Cosby Quality award. The product will therefore be freely available in EU. 20-40
The company has just reported poor trading results. The company’s performance is expected to be low until the ban on their products to Comesa is lifted 20-30
The company has reported that they will not resume production of packaging materials this year as expected. 5-10
Heath inspectors have ordered the factory closed until the company installs an effluent cleaning process. The company is expected to remain closed for three months. 5-15
The United Nations has impose sanctions on Kenya to get it to improve on its human rights record. 10-15 all.
The company adjusted their expected earnings from 650 million to 440 million due to increased competition from new entrants into the sector 10-15
 The company has been fined 10 million in an anti trust suit and has been ordered to stop building its to discontinue production of Lefa tea 5-10 .
The government has reported a decline in economic performance due to the current stand off in the war on tariffs between the EU and the ACP countries 5-10
Britain has lifted the preferential trade status for Kenya following the presence of toxic chemicals in horticultural exports from Kenya 10-15
Herbal tea from Tanzania has flooded the market. Local tea packing companies will suffer form the importations. 3-5
The production and trade in various products previously restricted has been liberalized. People will now be free to produce and trade in these products creating employment and earning capacity to many 10-15
 The government has reintroduced Gross Minimum Return (GMR) schedule for all major crops. This will guarantee reasonable returns to most farmers.20-30 all
 The tax scheme presented in this years budget leaves more money in the hands of the consumer. Consumer spending is expected to increase in the coming year. 5-10
The national Power Company has signed a contract to supply 450 megawatts of power to Sudan. The companies earnings are expected to rise by 20%  20-30
The Economic Exchange Agreement championed by the WTO expires next year. China is expected to dominate the textile and consumer electronics sales. Many local companies will suffer.10-20 all
A Middle East country has collaborated with the government to boost production from the arid and semi arid regions. It is estimated that in 3 years Kenya’s agricultural production will increase by 40% 5-10 all.
 The peace agreement signed in Sudan will open up market for Kenyan goods. 3-5 all
The cost of power is expected to reduce by half following the commissioning of Mburu hydroelectric power station 3-5 all
The prices of tea and coffee have fallen in the world market. Kenya’s export earnings are expected to fall this year. 3-5 all.
Oil has been discovered in Taveta. Production is expected to start in 12 months. The whole economy will benefit 5-10 all
Oguchi Ltd of Japan has cancelled the order for 100 million worth of goods from the company. The company has adjusted their earnings forecast accordingly. 30-40
Since the liberalization of imports many people are importing directly what they used to  buy from dealers. Many companies that controlled markets based on  imports have been adversely affected.   10-20
The company has been   given a contract to provide insurance  services to all government teachers.   5-10
The company has reported major restructuring plans to reduce costs by 30% and increase production by 50% 30-40

